---
layout: single
classes: wide
title: "RoboCup Rescue Simulation (RCRS)"
permalink: /resources/RCRS/
toc: false
---
The objective of our study is to develop software packages to predict the location of the injured people using deep learning based on virtual disaster simulation. To utilize deep learning techniques mainly, as many data sets as possible are needed to train the machine learning model. However, the data sets based on the actual situation of large-scale disasters are very difficult to obtain. It can make the problem of the machine learning model predict the injured people in a disaster zone. One way to solve this problem is to use virtual disaster simulation to train the machine learning model. Virtual disaster simulations allow generating enough data sets for training deep learning model on the assumption that computer resources are enough. Therefore, we survey the virtual disaster simulation suitable for studying the actual disaster response. The virtual disaster simulation should not only need to realistically simulate the disaster scenario but also can benchmark the resulting disaster response plan.

The RoboCup Rescue Simulation (RCRS) is an official simulator used RoboCup competition, a world-class robot competition. It is a large-scale multi-agent system aim to study earthquake disaster response and support the emergency decision making by the rescue crew. In the RCRS, the simulator simulates the earthquake occurs in the city according to a specific disaster scenario. The city where the earthquake will occur can be selected from the Open Street Map (OSM) because the RCRS has a program that converts maps on the OSM into maps to be used for simulation. And the earthquake disaster scenario in the simulator consists of time steps, buildings, roads, and people. In a disaster scenario, a fire starts at certain buildings, and some randomly selected buildings collapse and create debris. A fire cause injury and the debris cause the interference of movement of the rescue team. And scenario progress a unit of time called time step and the time step progresses, the fire spreads and people move. In the simulation, there are two groups of people: rescue teams and civilians. The rescue team consists of firefighters, police and emergency teams. The firefighters are responsible for firefighting, police removing debris from buildings, and emergency teams for transporting the injured civilians to shelters. Each rescue crew can communicate within a certain range, and according to the competition participants' disaster response plans and policies, rescue crew are moved.
